# Computational_Graphics
My work on this project has drastically changed my process on designing software. This project helped me better appreciate the utilization of modular code. In this project I made modular code to render each object. This allowed for more readable code and code that is easier to debug and maintain.
The design process I used when working on this project was first setting up my view matrix for each object and binding a texture to each object, then creating the vertexes for each object, then rendering each object using the attribures assigned in previous sections. The tactics I learned from this design approach 
has helped me think of the "bigger picture" of the program which will be a skill used in future work to help me better plan and implement programs.
My software developement approach for this project was based mostly on modularity and iteration. I began in early milestones by creating my first object, the filing cabinet. I added texture and lighting in later milestones. Then, for the final project, I created vertices and mapped the locations of other objects. A lot of my approach included drawing models to understand where texture coordinatea would be located and where objects should be located in relation to other objects. After adding all the code it was a process of trial and error by changing translation and scale vectors to get the image I was anticipating.
The skills I learned in this project and in this course as a whole will be extremely valuable in my futute educational and professional pursuits. Understanding the concepts associated with rendering graphics allows for me to have a broader skillset to the type of applications thay I can develope. Additionally, learning a widely used framework such as OpenGL gives me a good baseline to learn other frameworks such as DirectX. Professionally, I hope to work in game development and understanding the processes of graphics rendering will be very important and useful.
